acarospora unknown
agaricaceae unknown
agaricales unknown
agaricineae unknown
agaricomycetes unknown
agaricus albolutescens
agaricus arvensis
agaricus augustus
agaricus auricolor
agaricus bernardi
agaricus bisporus
agaricus bitorquis
agaricus californicus
agaricus campestris
agaricus deserticola
agaricus dulcidulus
agaricus fissuratus
agaricus hondensis
agaricus impudicus
agaricus lilaceps
agaricus moelleri
agaricus placomyces
agaricus pocillator
agaricus semotus
agaricus subrutilescens
agaricus sylvaticus
agaricus sylvicola
agaricus unknown
agaricus xanthodermus
agrocybe arvalis
agrocybe dura
agrocybe firma
agrocybe molesta
agrocybe pediades
agrocybe praecox
agrocybe putaminum
agrocybe unknown
albatrellus flettii
albatrellus ovinus
albatrellus unknown
alessioporus rubriflavus
aleuria aurantia
aleurodiscus oakesii
alloclavaria purpurea
allodus podophylli
amanita sp n60 
amanita sp s01 
amanita abrupta
amanita aestivalis
amanita albocreata
amanita amerifulva
amanita ameripanthera
amanita amerirubescens
amanita aprica
amanita atkinsoniana
amanita augusta
amanita banningiana
amanita bisporigera
amanita borealisorora
amanita brunnescens
amanita caesarea
amanita calyptroderma
amanita canescens
amanita ceciliae
amanita chrysoblema
amanita citrina
amanita cokeri
amanita constricta
amanita crenulata
amanita crocea
amanita daucipes
amanita elongata
amanita excelsa
amanita farinosa
amanita flavoconia
amanita flavorubens
amanita foetidissima
amanita frostiana
amanita fulva
amanita gemmata
amanita jacksonii
amanita lavendula
amanita magniverrucata
amanita mappa
amanita multisquamosa
amanita murrilliana
amanita muscaria
amanita novinupta
amanita ocreata
amanita onusta
amanita pachycolea
amanita pantherina
amanita parcivolvata
amanita persicina
amanita phalloides
amanita polypyramis
amanita porphyria
amanita praecox
amanita protecta
amanita pseudobreckonii
amanita pseudovolvata
amanita ravenelii
amanita rhacopus
amanita rhopalopus
amanita rooseveltensis
amanita roseitincta
amanita rubescens
amanita russuloides
amanita silvicola
amanita sinicoflava
amanita smithiana
amanita solaniolens
amanita spreta
amanita strobiliformis
amanita subcokeri
amanita submaculata
amanita thiersii
amanita unknown
amanita vaginata
amanita velatipes
amanita velosa
amanita vernicoccora
amanita volvata
amanita whetstoneae
amauroderma unknown
ampulloclitocybe clavipes
amyloporia xantha
anaptychia palmulata
annulohypoxylon cohaerens
annulohypoxylon multiforme
annulohypoxylon thouarsianum
annulohypoxylon unknown
antrodia serialis
antrodia unknown
arcyria cinerea
arcyria denudata
arcyria obvelata
arcyria unknown
armillaria gallica
armillaria lutea
armillaria mellea
armillaria ostoyae
armillaria sinapina
armillaria solidipes
armillaria unknown
arrhenia chlorocyanea
arrhenia epichysium
arrhenia retiruga
arrhenia unknown
arthonia unknown
artomyces pyxidatus
ascocoryne cylichnium
ascocoryne sarcoides
ascocoryne unknown
ascomycota unknown
aseroe rubra
aspicilia cinerea
aspicilia unknown
aspropaxillus giganteus
asterophora lycoperdoides
asterophora parasitica
astraeus hygrometricus
atheniella adonis
aureoboletus auriporus
aureoboletus flaviporus
aureoboletus innixus
aureoboletus roxanae
aureoboletus russellii
auricularia americana
auricularia angiospermarum
auricularia auricula judae
auricularia delicata
auricularia fuscosuccinea
auricularia mesenterica
auricularia nigricans
auricularia unknown
auriscalpium villipes
auriscalpium vulgare
austroboletus gracilis
austroboletus unknown
bacidia unknown
baeospora myosura
baorangia bicolor
basidiomycota unknown
basidioradulum radula
battarrea phalloides
beauveria unknown
biscogniauxia atropunctata
biscogniauxia unknown
bisporella citrina
bjerkandera adusta
bjerkandera fumosa
bolbitius aleuriatus
bolbitius titubans
bolbitius unknown
bolbitius vitellinus
boletaceae unknown
boletales unknown
boletellus ananas
boletellus chrysenteroides
boletellus emodensis
boletellus mirabilis
boletellus unknown
boletinellus merulioides
boletopsis grisea
boletopsis unknown
boletus aestivalis
boletus barrowsii
boletus carminiporus
boletus chippewaensis
boletus discolor
boletus edulis
boletus fraternus
boletus gertrudiae
boletus longicurvipes
boletus luridellus
boletus luridus
boletus miniato olivaceus
boletus nobilis
boletus nobilissimus
boletus pallidoroseus
boletus pallidus
boletus patrioticus
boletus pinophilus
boletus radicans
boletus regineus
boletus reticulatus
boletus rex veris
boletus roodyi
boletus rubriceps
boletus rubripes
boletus sensibilis
boletus separans
boletus smithii
boletus subcaerulescens
boletus subfraternus
boletus subglabripes
boletus subluridellus
boletus subvelutipes
boletus unknown
boletus variipes
boletus vermiculosoides
boletus vermiculosus
bondarzewia berkeleyi
bondarzewia occidentalis
bovista pila
bovista plumbea
bovista unknown
buellia unknown
buglossoporus quercinus
bulgaria inquinans
butyriboletus appendiculatus
butyriboletus brunneus
butyriboletus frostii
butyriboletus persolidus
butyriboletus primiregius
butyriboletus roseopurpureus
butyriboletus unknown
byssomerulius corium
byssomerulius incarnatus
calbovista subsculpta
callistosporium luteo olivaceum
callistosporium purpureomarginatum
callistosporium unknown
caloboletus calopus
caloboletus conifericola
caloboletus inedulis
caloboletus marshii
caloboletus radicans
caloboletus unknown
calocera cornea
calocera viscosa
calocybe gambosa
caloplaca cerina
caloplaca flavovirescens
caloplaca unknown
caloscypha fulgens
calostoma cinnabarinum
calvatia craniiformis
calvatia cyathiformis
calvatia gigantea
calvatia pachyderma
calvatia unknown
camarophyllopsis unknown
camarops petersii
campanella unknown
candelaria concolor
cantharellula umbonata
cantharellus cantharellus
cantharellus appalachiensis
cantharellus californicus
cantharellus cascadensis
cantharellus cibarius
cantharellus cinnabarinus
cantharellus enelensis
cantharellus formosus
cantharellus lateritius
cantharellus minor
cantharellus pallens
cantharellus phasmatis
cantharellus roseocanus
cantharellus subalbidus
catathelasma ventricosum
caulorhiza umbonata
ceratiomyxa fruticulosa
cerioporus leptocephalus
cerioporus squamosus
cerioporus varius
ceriporia purpurea
ceriporia spissa
cerrena unicolor
chalciporus piperatoides
chalciporus piperatus
chalciporus pseudorubinellus
chalciporus unknown
chlorencoelia unknown
chlorociboria aeruginascens
chlorophyllum brunneum
chlorophyllum hortense
chlorophyllum molybdites
chlorophyllum olivieri
chlorophyllum rachodes
chlorophyllum rhacodes
chlorophyllum unknown
chlorosplenium unknown
chondrostereum purpureum
chorioactis geaster
chromosera cyanophylla
chroogomphus ochraceus
chroogomphus rutilus
chroogomphus tomentosus
chroogomphus unknown
chroogomphus vinicolor
chrysomphalina aurantiaca
chrysomphalina grossula
ciboria rufofusca
cinereomyces lindbladii
cladomeris umbellata
cladonia chlorophaea
cladonia cristatella
cladonia didyma
cladonia furcata
cladonia macilenta
cladonia ochrochlora
cladonia pyxidata
cladonia squamosa
cladonia unknown
clathrus archeri
clathrus columnatus
clathrus ruber
clavaria fragilis
clavaria fumosa
clavaria unknown
clavaria zollingeri
clavariaceae unknown
clavariadelphus occidentalis
clavariadelphus pistillaris
clavariadelphus truncatus
clavariadelphus unknown
clavulina cinerea
clavulina coralloides
clavulina cristata
clavulina rugosa
clavulina unknown
clavulinopsis aurantiocinnabarina
clavulinopsis corniculata
clavulinopsis fusiformis
clavulinopsis helvola
clavulinopsis laeticolor
clavulinopsis unknown
climacocystis borealis
climacodon septentrionalis
clitocella popinalis
clitocybe albirhiza
clitocybe brunneocephala
clitocybe fragrans
clitocybe glacialis
clitocybe metachroa
clitocybe nebularis
clitocybe nuda
clitocybe odora
clitocybe phyllophila
clitocybe rivulosa
clitocybe robusta
clitocybe sclerotoidea
clitocybe subconnexa
clitocybe trulliformis
clitocybe unknown
clitocybe vibecina
clitocybula abundans
clitocybula unknown
clitopilus hobsonii
clitopilus prunulus
clitopilus unknown
collema unknown
collybia cirrhata
collybia tuberosa
coltricia cinnamomea
coltricia montagnei
coltricia perennis
coltricia unknown
coniophora puteana
connopus acervatus
conocybe albipes
conocybe apala
conocybe tenera
conocybe unknown
contumyces rosellus
cookeina speciosa
cookeina tricholoma
cookeina unknown
copelandia copelandia
coprinellus disseminatus
coprinellus domesticus
coprinellus flocculosus
coprinellus impatiens
coprinellus micaceus
coprinellus unknown
coprinellus xanthothrix
coprinopsis atramentaria
coprinopsis lagopus
coprinopsis lignicola
coprinopsis marcescibilis
coprinopsis nivea
coprinopsis picacea
coprinopsis romagnesiana
coprinopsis unknown
coprinopsis variegata
coprinus comatus
coprinus unknown
cordyceps militaris
cordyceps unknown
cordycipitaceae unknown
coriolopsis gallica
coriolopsis unknown
corticiaceae unknown
cortinarius dermocybe
cortinarius myxacium
cortinarius phlegmacium
cortinarius sericeocybe
cortinarius telamonia
cortinarius alboviolaceus
cortinarius anomalus
cortinarius anserinus
cortinarius armillatus
cortinarius bolaris
cortinarius calochrous
cortinarius caperatus
cortinarius cinnamomeus
cortinarius collinitus
cortinarius corrugatus
cortinarius croceus
cortinarius distans
cortinarius elatior
cortinarius flexipes
cortinarius glaucopus
cortinarius glutinosoarmillatus
cortinarius hemitrichus
cortinarius hinnuleus
cortinarius infractus
cortinarius iodes
cortinarius largus
cortinarius malicorius
cortinarius marylandensis
cortinarius mucosus
cortinarius obtusus
cortinarius ponderosus
cortinarius purpurascens
cortinarius rubellus
cortinarius sanguineus
cortinarius semisanguineus
cortinarius smithii
cortinarius torvus
cortinarius traganus
cortinarius trivialis
cortinarius unknown
cortinarius vanduzerensis
cortinarius vernus
cortinarius violaceus
cotylidia unknown
craterellus calicornucopioides
craterellus cornucopioides
craterellus fallax
craterellus ignicolor
craterellus lutescens
craterellus neotubaeformis
craterellus tubaeformis
craterellus undulatus
craterellus unknown
crepidotus applanatus
crepidotus cesatii
crepidotus crocophyllus
crepidotus mollis
crepidotus unknown
crepidotus variabilis
crinipellis unknown
crinipellis zonata
crucibulum laeve
cryptoporus volvatus
cudonia circinans
cuphophyllus angustifolius
cuphophyllus pratensis
cuphophyllus russocoriaceus
cuphophyllus unknown
cuphophyllus virgineus
cyanoboletus pulverulentus
cyanoboletus unknown
cyathus olla
cyathus stercoreus
cyathus striatus
cyathus unknown
cyclocybe cylindracea
cyclocybe erebia
cylindrobasidium laeve
cymatoderma caperatum
cymatoderma unknown
cyptotrama asprata
cyptotrama chrysopepla
cystoderma amianthinum
cystoderma carcharias
cystoderma unknown
cystodermella cinnabarina
cystodermella granulosa
cystolepiota seminuda
cystolepiota unknown
dacrymyces capitatus
dacrymyces chrysospermus
dacrymyces lacrymalis
dacrymyces stillatus
dacrymyces unknown
dacryopinax elegans
dacryopinax spathularia
dacryopinax unknown
daedalea quercina
daedaleopsis confragosa
daedaleopsis unknown
daldinia unknown
dasyscyphus virgineus
datronia mollis
deconica coprophila
deconica horizontalis
deconica inquilina
deconica montana
deconica unknown
dendrocollybia racemosa
desarmillaria tabescens
deuteromycota unknown
dibaeis baeomyces
dictydiaethalium plumbeum
dimelaena oreina
diploschistes scruposus
dirina massiliensis
discina perlata
disciotis venosa
discomycetes unknown
ductifera pululahuana
dumontinia tuberosa
duplicate unknown
earliella scabrosa
echinoderma asperum
elaphocordyceps ophioglossoides
entoloma claudopus
entoloma cyanula
entoloma leptonia
entoloma nolanea
entoloma pouzarella
entoloma abortivum
entoloma clypeatum
entoloma conferendum
entoloma conicum
entoloma ferruginans
entoloma formosum
entoloma hebes
entoloma hirtipes
entoloma incanum
entoloma lividoalbum
entoloma medianox
entoloma murrayi
entoloma rhodopolium
entoloma salmoneum
entoloma sericellum
entoloma sericeum
entoloma serrulatum
entoloma sinuatum
entoloma strictius
entoloma undatum
entoloma vernum
entoloma violaceum
entolomataceae unknown
entonaema liquescens
evernia prunastri
exidia glandulosa
exidia nigricans
exidia recisa
exidia thuretiana
exidia unknown
exidiopsis effusa
exsudoporus frostii
favolaschia unknown
favolus brasiliensis
favolus unknown
filoboletus unknown
fistulina hepatica
flabellophora unknown
flammula alnicola
flammulaster erinaceellus
flammulaster muricatus
flammulaster unknown
flammulina elastica
flammulina unknown
flammulina velutipes
flavoparmelia baltimorensis
flavoparmelia caperata
floccularia albolanaripes
floccularia luteovirens
fomes excavatus
fomes fasciatus
fomes fomentarius
fomitiporia punctata
fomitiporia tsugina
fomitopsis betulina
fomitopsis ochracea
fomitopsis pini canadensis
fomitopsis pinicola
fomitopsis ponderosa
fomitopsis spraguei
fomitopsis unknown
fuligo septica
fuligo unknown
fulvifomes robiniae
fungi unknown
fuscoporia ferrea
fuscoporia ferruginosa
fuscoporia gilva
fusicolla merismoides
galerina clavata
galerina hypnorum
galerina marginata
galerina paludosa
galerina pumila
galerina unknown
galerina vittiformis
galiella rufa
gamundia striatula
ganoderma elfvingia
ganoderma adspersum
ganoderma applanatum
ganoderma australe
ganoderma brownii
ganoderma curtisii
ganoderma lobatum
ganoderma lucidum
ganoderma martinicense
ganoderma megaloma
ganoderma oregonense
ganoderma pfeifferi
ganoderma polychromum
ganoderma resinaceum
ganoderma sessile
ganoderma tsugae
ganoderma unknown
ganodermataceae unknown
gasteromycetes unknown
gastroboletus turbinatus
gautieria monticola
geastrum fimbriatum
geastrum michelianum
geastrum pectinatum
geastrum saccatum
geastrum triplex
geastrum unknown
geoglossum unknown
geopyxis carbonaria
gerronema strombodes
gerronema unknown
gliophorus irrigatus
gliophorus laetus
gliophorus minutulus
gliophorus perplexus
gliophorus psittacinus
gliophorus unknown
globifomes graveolens
gloeophyllum sepiarium
gloeophyllum unknown
gloeoporus dichrous
gomphidius glutinosus
gomphidius oregonensis
gomphidius subroseus
gomphidius unknown
gomphus bonarii
gomphus clavatus
graphis scripta
graphis unknown
grifola frondosa
guepinia helvelloides
gymnopilus aeruginosus
gymnopilus junonius
gymnopilus liquiritiae
gymnopilus luteofolius
gymnopilus luteus
gymnopilus penetrans
gymnopilus picreus
gymnopilus punctifolius
gymnopilus sapineus
gymnopilus spectabilis
gymnopilus thiersii
gymnopilus unknown
gymnopilus ventricosus
gymnopus agricola
gymnopus androsaceus
gymnopus aquosus
gymnopus brassicolens
gymnopus confluens
gymnopus dichrous
gymnopus dryophilus
gymnopus erythropus
gymnopus fuscopurpureus
gymnopus fusipes
gymnopus iocephalus
gymnopus luxurians
gymnopus peronatus
gymnopus quercophilus
gymnopus semihirtipes
gymnopus spongiosus
gymnopus subnudus
gymnopus subpruinosus
gymnopus unknown
gymnopus villosipes
gymnosporangium juniperi virginianae
gyromitra ancilis
gyromitra brunnea
gyromitra esculenta
gyromitra gigas
gyromitra infula
gyromitra korfii
gyromitra unknown
gyroporus castaneus
gyroporus cyanescens
hapalopilus rutilans
harrya chromapes
hebeloma crustuliniforme
hebeloma mesophaeum
hebeloma radicosum
hebeloma sacchariolens
hebeloma sinapizans
hebeloma unknown
hebeloma velutipes
heimiomyces tenuipes
heimiomyces unknown
heimioporus betula
heliocybe sulcata
helminthosphaeria clavariarum
helotiales unknown
helvella acetabulum
helvella compressa
helvella crispa
helvella dryophila
helvella elastica
helvella lacunosa
helvella leucomelaena
helvella macropus
helvella maculata
helvella solitaria
helvella unknown
helvella vespertina
hemileccinum impolitum
hemileccinum subglabripes
hemimycena cucullata
hemimycena lactea
hemimycena unknown
hemipholiota populnea
hemistropharia albocrenulata
hemitrichia calyculata
hericium abietis
hericium americanum
hericium coralloides
hericium erinaceus
heterobasidiomycetes unknown
heterobasidion annosum
heterobasidion occidentale
heterotextus unknown
hexagonia hydnoides
hexagonia papyracea
hexagonia unknown
hohenbuehelia mastrucata
hohenbuehelia petaloides
hohenbuehelia unknown
holwaya mucida
hortiboletus bubalinus
hortiboletus campestris
hortiboletus rubellus
hortiboletus unknown
humaria hemisphaerica
humidicutis marginata
hydnaceae unknown
hydnellum aurantiacum
hydnellum caeruleum
hydnellum concrescens
hydnellum peckii
hydnellum scrobiculatum
hydnellum spongiosipes
hydnellum suaveolens
hydnellum unknown
hydnochaete olivacea
hydnopolyporus fimbriatus
hydnum oregonense
hydnum repandum
hydnum rufescens
hydnum umbilicatum
hydnum unknown
hydropus subalpinus
hydropus unknown
hygrocybe acutoconica
hygrocybe aurantiosplendens
hygrocybe cantharellus
hygrocybe ceracea
hygrocybe chlorophana
hygrocybe coccinea
hygrocybe coccineocrenata
hygrocybe conica
hygrocybe cuspidata
hygrocybe flavescens
hygrocybe insipida
hygrocybe miniata
hygrocybe olivaceonigra
hygrocybe punicea
hygrocybe reidii
hygrocybe singeri
hygrocybe unknown
hygrophoraceae unknown
hygrophoropsis aurantiaca
hygrophoropsis unknown
hygrophorus agathosmus
hygrophorus chrysodon
hygrophorus eburneus
hygrophorus erubescens
hygrophorus flavodiscus
hygrophorus fuligineus
hygrophorus hypothejus
hygrophorus olivaceoalbus
hygrophorus pudorinus
hygrophorus purpurascens
hygrophorus pustulatus
hygrophorus roseibrunneus
hygrophorus russula
hygrophorus sordidus
hygrophorus speciosus
hygrophorus subalpinus
hygrophorus unknown
hymenochaetaceae unknown
hymenochaete damicornis
hymenochaete rubiginosa
hymenochaete unknown
hymenochaetopsis tabacina
hymenopellis furfuracea
hymenopellis megalospora
hymenopellis radicata
hyphoderma setigerum
hypholoma capnoides
hypholoma dispersum
hypholoma fasciculare
hypholoma lateritium
hypholoma marginatum
hypholoma subviride
hypholoma unknown
hypogymnia imshaugii
hypogymnia physodes
hypogymnia tubulosa
hypogymnia unknown
hypomyces aurantius
hypomyces cervinigenus
hypomyces chrysospermus
hypomyces hyalinus
hypomyces lactifluorum
hypomyces lateritius
hypomyces luteovirens
hypomyces unknown
hypopitys monotropa
hypoxylaceae unknown
hypoxylon fragiforme
hypoxylon unknown
hypsizygus marmoreus
hypsizygus ulmarius
imleria badia
infundibulicybe costata
infundibulicybe geotropa
infundibulicybe gibba
infundibulicybe squamulosa
infundibulicybe unknown
inocybe adaequata
inocybe asterospora
inocybe bongardii
inocybe cincinnata
inocybe corydalina
inocybe dulcamara
inocybe erubescens
inocybe fastigiata
inocybe flocculosa
inocybe fraudans
inocybe fuscidula
inocybe geophylla
inocybe hirsuta
inocybe hystrix
inocybe insinuata
inocybe ionocephala
inocybe lacera
inocybe lanuginosa
inocybe lilacina
inocybe maculata
inocybe mixtilis
inocybe napipes
inocybe rimosa
inocybe sindonia
inocybe sororia
inocybe stellatospora
inocybe tahquamenonensis
inocybe unicolor
inocybe unknown
inocybe whitei
inonotus cuticularis
inonotus hispidus
inonotus obliquus
inonotus unknown
insecta unknown
irpex lacteus
isaria unknown
ischnoderma benzoinum
ischnoderma resinosum
jahnoporus hirtus
kretzschmaria deusta
kretzschmaria unknown
kuehneromyces lignicola
kuehneromyces marginellus
kuehneromyces mutabilis
kuehneromyces unknown
laccaria amethysteo occidentalis
laccaria amethystina
laccaria bicolor
laccaria laccata
laccaria ochropurpurea
laccaria proxima
laccaria tortilis
laccaria unknown
lacrymaria lacrymabunda
lacrymaria unknown
lactarius alnicola
lactarius argillaceifolius
lactarius atroviridis
lactarius blennius
lactarius camphoratus
lactarius chelidonium
lactarius chrysorrheus
lactarius cinereus
lactarius circellatus
lactarius controversus
lactarius croceus
lactarius deliciosus
lactarius deterrimus
lactarius fuliginosus
lactarius fulvissimus
lactarius griseus
lactarius helvus
lactarius indigo
lactarius lignyotus
lactarius maculatipes
lactarius mucidus
lactarius necator
lactarius pallidus
lactarius paradoxus
lactarius peckii
lactarius psammicola
lactarius pseudomucidus
lactarius pubescens
lactarius pyrogalus
lactarius quietus
lactarius romagnesii
lactarius rubidus
lactarius rubrilacteus
lactarius rufulus
lactarius rufus
lactarius scrobiculatus
lactarius subpurpureus
lactarius subvellereus
lactarius subvernalis
lactarius tabidus
lactarius torminosus
lactarius unknown
lactarius vinaceorufescens
lactarius xanthogalactus
lactifluus corrugis
lactifluus deceptivus
lactifluus gerardii
lactifluus glaucescens
lactifluus hygrophoroides
lactifluus piperatus
lactifluus unknown
lactifluus volemus
lactocollybia unknown
laeticutis cristata
laetiporus cincinnatus
laetiporus conifericola
laetiporus gilbertsonii
laetiporus persicinus
laetiporus sulphureus
laetiporus unknown
lanmaoa pseudosensibilis
lanmaoa unknown
laricifomes officinalis
lasallia papulosa
lecanora muralis
lecanora unknown
leccinellum albellum
leccinellum crocipodium
leccinellum unknown
leccinum aurantiacum
leccinum cyaneobasileucum
leccinum duriusculum
leccinum holopus
leccinum insigne
leccinum luteum
leccinum manzanitae
leccinum pseudoscabrum
leccinum quercinum
leccinum rubropunctum
leccinum rugosiceps
leccinum scabrum
leccinum snellii
leccinum unknown
leccinum variicolor
leccinum versipelle
leccinum vulpinum
lecidea unknown
lecidella elaeochroma
lecidella unknown
lentaria unknown
lentinellus cochleatus
lentinellus micheneri
lentinellus unknown
lentinellus ursinus
lentinula edodes
lentinula raphanica
lentinula unknown
lentinus arcularius
lentinus brumalis
lentinus substrictus
lentinus tigrinus
lentinus tricholoma
lentinus unknown
lenzites betulina
lenzites elegans
leocarpus fragilis
leotia lubrica
lepiota aspera
lepiota atrodisca
lepiota besseyi
lepiota castanea
lepiota clypeolaria
lepiota cristata
lepiota erminea
lepiota felina
lepiota magnispora
lepiota rubrotinctoides
lepiota spheniscispora
lepiota subincarnata
lepiota unknown
lepista irina
lepista nuda
lepista saeva
lepista sordida
lepista tarda
lepista unknown
lepraria unknown
leptogium cyanescens
leptogium unknown
leptonia leptonia
leptoporus mollis
leratiomyces ceres
leratiomyces percevalii
leratiomyces riparius
leratiomyces squamosus
leucoagaricus americanus
leucoagaricus barssii
leucoagaricus caerulescens
leucoagaricus leucothites
leucoagaricus nympharum
leucoagaricus rubrotinctus
leucoagaricus unknown
leucocoprinus birnbaumii
leucocoprinus brebissonii
leucocoprinus cepistipes
leucocoprinus cretaceus
leucocoprinus fragilissimus
leucocoprinus unknown
leucogloea compressa
leucopaxillus cerealis
leucopaxillus gentianeus
leucopaxillus unknown
leucopholiota decorosa
lichen unknown
lichenomphalia umbellifera
limacella glischra
limacella illinita
limacella unknown
lobaria pulmonaria
lobaria scrobiculata
lycogala epidendrum
lycogala terrestre
lycogala unknown
lycoperdon echinatum
lycoperdon excipuliforme
lycoperdon marginatum
lycoperdon molle
lycoperdon nigrescens
lycoperdon perlatum
lycoperdon pyriforme
lycoperdon umbrinum
lycoperdon unknown
lycoperdon utriforme
lyomyces sambuci
lyophyllum decastes
lyophyllum fumosum
lyophyllum unknown
macrocybe titans
macrocystidia cucumis
macrolepiota mastoidea
macrolepiota procera
macrolepiota unknown
macrotyphula juncea
marasmiaceae unknown
marasmiellus candidus
marasmiellus ramealis
marasmiellus unknown
marasmius calhouniae
marasmius capillaris
marasmius cohaerens
marasmius delectans
marasmius nigrodiscus
marasmius oreades
marasmius plicatulus
marasmius rotula
marasmius siccus
marasmius strictipes
marasmius sullivantii
marasmius unknown
megacollybia platyphylla
megacollybia rodmanii
megacollybia unknown
melanoleuca alboflavida
melanoleuca cognata
melanoleuca melaleuca
melanoleuca polioleuca
melanoleuca unknown
melanoleuca verrucipes
melanophyllum haematospermum
mensularia radiata
meripilus giganteus
meripilus sumstinei
meruliaceae unknown
meruliopsis taxicola
merulius tremellosus
metatrichia vesparium
micropsalliota unknown
microstoma floccosum
mitrula elegans
mixed collection
mollisia unknown
monotropa uniflora
morchella americana
morchella angusticeps
morchella diminutiva
morchella importuna
morchella punctipes
morchella rufobrunnea
morchella snyderi
morchella tridentina
morchella unknown
morganella unknown
mucidula mucida
multiclavula mucida
mutinus elegans
mutinus unknown
mycena abramsii
mycena acicula
mycena aetites
mycena amicta
mycena aurantiomarginata
mycena californiensis
mycena capillaripes
mycena corticola
mycena crocata
mycena crocea
mycena epipterygia
mycena filopes
mycena galericulata
mycena galopus
mycena griseoviridis
mycena haematopus
mycena inclinata
mycena leaiana
mycena leptocephala
mycena maculata
mycena metata
mycena niveipes
mycena olivaceomarginata
mycena overholtsii
mycena pelianthina
mycena polygramma
mycena pura
mycena purpureofusca
mycena rosea
mycena rubromarginata
mycena rutilantiformis
mycena sanguinolenta
mycena speirea
mycena stylobates
mycena subcaerulea
mycena tenerrima
mycena tintinnabulum
mycena unknown
mycena vitilis
mycenaceae unknown
mycetinis alliaceus
mycetinis scorodonius
mycoacia uda
mycorrhaphium adustum
myriostoma coliforme
myxarium nucleatum
myxogastria unknown
myxomycetes unknown
nectria cinnabarina
nectria unknown
neoboletus erythropus
neoboletus unknown
neofavolus alveolaris
neohygrocybe nitrata
neolecta irregularis
neolentinus lepideus
neolentinus ponderosus
neolentinus unknown
nephroma laevigatum
nidula candida
nidula niveotomentosa
nidulariaceae unknown
nigroporus vinosus
niveoporofomes spraguei
nolanea holoconiota
non fungal unknown
ochrolechia parella
ochrolechia unknown
oligoporus guttulatus
omphalotus illudens
omphalotus nidiformis
omphalotus olearius
omphalotus olivascens
onnia tomentosa
opegrapha unknown
ophiocordyceps unknown
orbilia unknown
osmoporus odoratus
otidea bufonia
otidea onotica
otidea unknown
oudemansiella furfuracea
oudemansiella incognita
oudemansiella megalospora
oudemansiella radicata
oudemansiella unknown
oxyporus populinus
panaeolopsis unknown
panaeolus copelandia
panaeolus acuminatus
panaeolus antillarum
panaeolus cinctulus
panaeolus cyanescens
panaeolus fimicola
panaeolus foenisecii
panaeolus olivaceus
panaeolus papilionaceus
panaeolus semiovatus
panaeolus subbalteatus
panellus pusillus
panellus stipticus
panus conchatus
panus lecomtei
paralepista flaccida
parasola auricoma
parasola conopilea
parasola conopilus
parasola lactea
parasola plicatilis
parasola unknown
parmelia saxatilis
parmelia sulcata
parmotrema perforatum
parmotrema reticulatum
parmotrema unknown
paxillus involutus
paxillus unknown
peltigera didactyla
peltigera membranacea
peltigera neopolydactyla
peltigera polydactylon
peltigera praetextata
peltigera rufescens
peltigera unknown
peniophora albobadia
peniophora incarnata
peniophora quercina
peniophorella pubera
penzigia unknown
perenniporia fraxinophila
pertusaria amara
pertusaria hymenea
pertusaria unknown
peziza arvernensis
peziza badia
peziza phyllogena
peziza repanda
peziza unknown
peziza varia
peziza vesiculosa
pezizaceae unknown
pezizales unknown
phaeocollybia unknown
phaeolepiota aurea
phaeolus schweinitzii
phaeomarasmius erinaceus
phaeophyscia rubropulchra
phallus hadriani
phallus impudicus
phallus indusiatus
phallus ravenelii
phallus rubicundus
phallus unknown
phellinopsis conchata
phellinus gilvus
phellinus igniarius
phellinus pomaceus
phellinus populicola
phellinus tremulae
phellinus unknown
phellodon niger
phellodon tomentosus
phellodon unknown
phillipsia unknown
phlebia incarnata
phlebia radiata
phlebia tremellosa
phlebia unknown
phlebiopsis gigantea
phlebopus unknown
phleogena faginea
phloeomana speirea
pholiota adiposa
pholiota alnicola
pholiota flammans
pholiota granulosa
pholiota gummosa
pholiota highlandensis
pholiota lenta
pholiota limonella
pholiota polychroa
pholiota spumosa
pholiota squarrosa
pholiota squarrosoides
pholiota terrestris
pholiota unknown
pholiota velaglutinosa
pholiotina aporos
pholiotina cyanopus
pholiotina rugosa
pholiotina smithii
pholiotina unknown
phycomyces blakesleeanus
phylacia unknown
phylloporus arenicola
phylloporus leucomycelinus
phylloporus rhodoxanthus
phylloporus unknown
phyllotopsis nidulans
physarum unknown
physcia adscendens
physcia aipolia
physcia millegrana
physcia tenella
physcia unknown
physconia enteroxantha
physconia unknown
physisporinus sanguinolentus
picipes badius
piptoporus betulinus
pisolithus arhizus
pisolithus arrhizus
pisolithus unknown
plantae unknown
platismatia glauca
plectania melastoma
pleurocybella porrigens
pleurotus djamor
pleurotus dryinus
pleurotus laevis
pleurotus opuntiae
pleurotus ostreatus
pleurotus populinus
pleurotus pulmonarius
pleurotus unknown
plicatura crispa
plicaturopsis crispa
pluteaceae unknown
pluteus americanus
pluteus atromarginatus
pluteus cervinus
pluteus chrysophlebius
pluteus ephebeus
pluteus exilis
pluteus leoninus
pluteus longistriatus
pluteus nanus
pluteus petasatus
pluteus phlebophorus
pluteus plautus
pluteus podospileus
pluteus primus
pluteus romellii
pluteus salicinus
pluteus thomsonii
pluteus umbrosus
pluteus unknown
podaxis pistillaris
podoscyphaceae unknown
polyozellus unknown
polyporaceae unknown
polyporales unknown
polyporus badius
polyporus craterellus
polyporus leptocephalus
polyporus radicatus
polyporus tuberaster
polyporus umbellatus
polyporus unknown
poria unknown
porodaedalea pini
porphyrellus olivaceobrunneus
porphyrellus porphyrosporus
porpidia albocaerulescens
porpidia unknown
porpolomopsis calyptriformis
postia caesia
postia fragilis
postia guttulata
postia ptychogaster
postia unknown
protostropharia semiglobata
prunulus purus
psathyrella atrospora
psathyrella bipellis
psathyrella candolleana
psathyrella corrugis
psathyrella delineata
psathyrella longipes
psathyrella longistriata
psathyrella piluliformis
psathyrella spadiceogrisea
psathyrella unknown
psathyrellaceae unknown
pseudobaeospora unknown
pseudoboletus parasiticus
pseudoclitocybe cyathiformis
pseudocolus fusiformis
pseudohydnum gelatinosum
pseudoinonotus dryadeus
pseudomerulius curtisii
pseudoplectania nigrella
psilocybe allenii
psilocybe aztecorum
psilocybe azurescens
psilocybe baeocystis
psilocybe banderillensis
psilocybe caerulescens
psilocybe caerulipes
psilocybe cyanescens
psilocybe cyanofibrillosa
psilocybe fagicola
psilocybe heimii
psilocybe hoogshagenii
psilocybe mexicana
psilocybe muliercula
psilocybe neoxalapensis
psilocybe ovoideocystidiata
psilocybe papuana
psilocybe pelliculosa
psilocybe semilanceata
psilocybe stuntzii
psilocybe subaeruginascens
psilocybe subaeruginosa
psilocybe subcubensis
psilocybe subtropicalis
psilocybe unknown
psilocybe yungensis
psilocybe zapotecorum
pterula unknown
pulchroboletus rubricitrinus
pulveroboletus ravenelii
punctelia rudecta
punctelia unknown
punctularia atropurpurascens
pycnoporellus alboluteus
pycnoporellus fulgens
pycnoporus cinnabarinus
pyxine sorediata
radulomyces confluens
ramalina unknown
ramaria botrytis
ramaria formosa
ramaria rasilispora
ramaria stricta
ramaria unknown
ramariopsis kunzei
resinicium bicolor
resupinatus alboniger
resupinatus applicatus
resupinatus unknown
retiboletus fuscus
retiboletus griseus
retiboletus ornatipes
reticularia lycoperdon
rhizocarpon geographicum
rhizocarpon unknown
rhizomarasmius pyrrhocephalus
rhizoplaca subdiscrepans
rhizopogon occidentalis
rhizopogon unknown
rhodoarrhenia unknown
rhodocollybia butyracea
rhodocollybia maculata
rhodocollybia unknown
rhodocybe gemina
rhodocybe unknown
rhodofomes cajanderi
rhodophana nitellina
rhodotus palmatus
rickenella fibula
rickenella swartzii
rigidoporus unknown
rimbachia bryophila
ripartitella brasiliensis
roridomyces roridus
rosellinia unknown
rubroboletus eastwoodiae
rubroboletus rhodosanguineus
rubroboletus satanas
russula aeruginea
russula albonigra
russula amoenolens
russula atroviolacea
russula betularum
russula brevipes
russula brunneola
russula cerolens
russula cessans
russula chloroides
russula claroflava
russula clavipes
russula compacta
russula cremoricolor
russula crustosa
russula cyanoxantha
russula decolorans
russula densifolia
russula depallens
russula dissimulans
russula flavida
russula flavisiccans
russula foetens
russula fragilis
russula fragrantissima
russula grata
russula graveolens
russula grisea
russula heterophylla
russula maculata
russula mariae
russula modesta
russula mutabilis
russula nigricans
russula nitida
russula ochroleuca
russula ochroleucoides
russula olivacea
russula paludosa
russula parazurea
russula parvovirescens
russula pectinatoides
russula puellaris
russula pulverulenta
russula queletii
russula risigallina
russula romellii
russula rosea
russula rubescens
russula sanguinea
russula silvicola
russula solaris
russula sororia
russula undulata
russula unknown
russula variata
russula velutipes
russula versicolor
russula vesca
russula veternosa
russula vinosa
russula violeipes
russula virescens
russula xerampelina
russulaceae unknown
sarcodon fuscoindicus
sarcodon imbricatus
sarcodon scabrosus
sarcodon squamosus
sarcodon unknown
sarcomyxa serotina
sarcoscypha austriaca
sarcoscypha coccinea
sarcoscypha occidentalis
sarcoscypha unknown
sarcosphaera coronaria
schizophyllum commune
schizophyllum unknown
scleroderma areolatum
scleroderma bovista
scleroderma cepa
scleroderma citrinum
scleroderma polyrhizum
scleroderma unknown
scleroderma verrucosum
scorias spongiosa
scutellinia scutellata
scutellinia unknown
sebacina schweinitzii
sebacina sparassoidea
sebacinaceae unknown
serpula himantioides
simocybe centunculus
simocybe haustellaris
simocybe unknown
sistotrema brinkmannii
skeletocutis amorpha
skeletocutis nivea
sordariomycetes unknown
sparassis radicata
sparassis spathulata
spathularia flavida
sphaerobolus stellatus
spinellus fusiger
spongipellis pachyodon
sporotrichopsis terrestris
steccherinum fimbriatum
steccherinum ochraceum
steccherinum unknown
stemonitis axifera
stemonitis splendens
stemonitis unknown
stemonitopsis typhina
stereaceae unknown
stereum complicatum
stereum gausapatum
stereum hirsutum
stereum ochraceoflavum
stereum ostrea
stereum rugosum
stereum subtomentosum
stereum unknown
sticta unknown
strobilomyces dryophilus 
strobilomyces confusus
strobilomyces strobilaceus
strobilomyces unknown
strobilurus esculentus
strobilurus tenacellus
strobilurus trullisatus
strobilurus unknown
stropharia aeruginosa
stropharia ambigua
stropharia caerulea
stropharia coronilla
stropharia cyanea
stropharia hardii
stropharia hornemannii
stropharia rugosoannulata
stropharia unknown
strophariaceae unknown
suillellus amygdalinus
suillellus luridus
suillus acidus
suillus americanus
suillus bovinus
suillus brevipes
suillus caerulescens
suillus clintonianus
suillus collinitus
suillus cothurnatus
suillus decipiens
suillus fuscotomentosus
suillus granulatus
suillus grevillei
suillus hirtellus
suillus lakei
suillus luteus
suillus placidus
suillus pungens
suillus salmonicolor
suillus spraguei
suillus subaureus
suillus tomentosus
suillus unknown
suillus viscidus
suillus weaverae
sutorius eximius
sutorius luridiformis
sutorius subvelutipes
syzygites megalocarpus
tapinella atrotomentosa
tapinella panuoides
tarzetta cupularis
tarzetta unknown
tengioboletus auripes
tephrocybe unknown
terana caerulea
tetrapyrgos nigripes
tetrapyrgos unknown
thelephora palmata
thelephora terrestris
thelephora unknown
thelephora vialis
tolypocladium longisegmentatum
tolypocladium ophioglossoides
tolypocladium unknown
trametella trogii
trametes aesculi
trametes betulina
trametes cinnabarina
trametes conchifer
trametes cubensis
trametes gibbosa
trametes hirsuta
trametes lactinea
trametes ochracea
trametes pubescens
trametes sanguinea
trametes unknown
trametes versicolor
trametes villosa
trametopsis cervina
tremella aurantia
tremella encephala
tremella foliacea
tremella fuciformis
tremella mesenterica
tremella unknown
tremellodendron pallidum
tremellodendron schweinitzii
tremellodendropsis tuberosa
trichaptum abietinum
trichaptum biforme
trichaptum fuscoviolaceum
trichaptum unknown
trichiaceae unknown
trichoderma unknown
trichoglossum hirsutum
trichoglossum unknown
tricholoma argyraceum
tricholoma atrosquamosum
tricholoma aurantium
tricholoma caligatum
tricholoma dryophilum
tricholoma equestre
tricholoma fracticum
tricholoma fulvum
tricholoma griseoviolaceum
tricholoma imbricatum
tricholoma inocybeoides
tricholoma intermedium
tricholoma murrillianum
tricholoma myomyces
tricholoma orirubens
tricholoma pardinum
tricholoma pessundatum
tricholoma portentosum
tricholoma saponaceum
tricholoma scalpturatum
tricholoma sciodes
tricholoma sejunctum
tricholoma squarrulosum
tricholoma subresplendens
tricholoma subsejunctum
tricholoma sulphureum
tricholoma terreum
tricholoma unknown
tricholoma ustale
tricholoma vaccinum
tricholoma virgatum
tricholoma zelleri
tricholomopsis decora
tricholomopsis formosa
tricholomopsis rutilans
tricholomopsis sulphureoides
tricholomopsis unknown
truncocolumella citrina
tubaria conspersa
tubaria furfuracea
tubaria punicea
tubaria unknown
tubifera ferruginosa
tubifera microsperma
tubifera unknown
tulasnella violea
tulostoma brumale
tulostoma unknown
turbinellus floccosus
turbinellus kauffmanii
tylopilus alboater
tylopilus badiceps
tylopilus balloui
tylopilus felleus
tylopilus ferrugineus
tylopilus plumbeoviolaceus
tylopilus rubrobrunneus
tylopilus sordidus
tylopilus unknown
tylopilus variobrunneus
tylopilus violatinctus
tyromyces chioneus
tyromyces unknown
umbilicaria mammulata
undetermined unknown
urnula craterium
urnula padeniana
usnea strigosa
usnea unknown
vascellum pratense
verpa bohemica
verpa conica
verrucaria unknown
volvariella bombycina
volvariella hypopithys
volvariella unknown
volvopluteus gloiocephalus
vuilleminia comedens
xanthoconium affine
xanthoconium purpureum
xanthoconium unknown
xanthomendoza fallax
xanthomendoza hasseana
xanthomendoza weberi
xanthoparmelia conspersa
xanthoparmelia plittii
xanthoparmelia unknown
xanthoria elegans
xanthoria parietina
xerocomellus chrysenteron
xerocomellus cisalpinus
xerocomellus dryophilus
xerocomellus pruinatus
xerocomellus truncatus
xerocomellus unknown
xerocomellus zelleri
xerocomus ferrugineus
xerocomus hortonii
xerocomus illudens
xerocomus sclerotiorum
xerocomus subtomentosus
xerocomus tenax
xerocomus unknown
xeromphalina campanella
xeromphalina cauticinalis
xeromphalina kauffmanii
xeromphalina unknown
xerula unknown
xylaria cubensis
xylaria hypoxylon
xylaria longipes
xylaria polymorpha
xylaria unknown
xylariales unknown
xylobolus frustulatus
xylobolus subpileatus
xylocoremium flabelliforme
xylodon paradoxus
xylodon raduloides
